elements: 214x49
views: 142x49
episodes: 196x62
diversions: 237x49
routes: 177x48
calls: 141x49


http://www.thestar.ca/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&cid=1012431690058&call_page=TS_News&call_pageid=968332188492&call_pagepath=News/News&col=968793972154

"Why are you taking politics?  Are you going to be a policeman?"
-- Anjo (01/29/02)

"Communism in the Soviet Union?  All I know is that they better stop Stalin' and start Russian'!"
-- Dylan (01/30/02)

"The United States army used infrared sensors on the Iraqi's during the Gulf War. They'd have them on their planes, and bomb them during nighttime when no one could see anything. However, the trouble with infrared sensors is that they detect heat, but otherwise, really can't identify an object. (dramatic regretful sigh) The Iraqi's lost forty thousand sheep in that war."
-- Khouri (01/22/02)

"I used to think some of my dreams were visions of passed lives. I remember one in particular in great detail. I was a courageous knight on a beautiful white horse, running in some battle.  It was a dreary rainy England-type day with a horribly dull-gray sky, in a wet green fielded area, and after a few seconds, I saw this blade come through one of my helmet's eye slits. And that was the end of the dream."
-- Ian (02/01/02)

(After many earnest but failed attempts by me to locate a rap CD in the store)
"Why don't you ask that guy over there? He might know. (pointing to the only black employee in the room)"
-- A customer (02/02/02)


No Doubt - Rock Steady

Because of lead singer Gwen Stefani's quirky wild image, one either adores her, or thinks she's annoying.  I belong to the latter group, and No Doubt has always been a favourite group to hate.  However, since the first time our store started playing it, I had to admit that this entire album is REALLY GOOD.  Described by the group themselves as a "party album", this release is less ska-noise and more infectious creative-pop.  There's experimentation with calypso on a few tracks, including "Start the Fire", in which the atmosphere is so effective, you start hearing bits about going to get "Delilah" cuz we're gonna need some "papaya".

Stefani projects an adorable convincing mood for each track.  The simple attitude of "Hella Good", bitter cheekiness of "Detective", summery hopefulness of "Don't Let Me Down" and earnest pleading of "Running" are all highlights of an already treat of an album.

Essentials: "Hella Good", "Detective", "Start the Fire", "Running"





02/01/02

hahah
you want ecstasy updates?
well here you go
I just got (as it often arrives) the urge y\to just get up and jump around
and thirst
which is normal with ex
bt not weed

woah, finally started listening to underworld
jjust listening to born slippy wich is long as hell and it was disapointing at first (mostly cause I was so into certain conversations, man, this really tends to free my midn hardcore) but now it's just like "mega meg awhit thing" or whatever the hell it is and I'm getting pretty stoked listening to it
weird almost techno...


wow
pearl's girl is really good song for this stuff
I just got completely lost in it and really felt like my mind was floating

the fatboy slim born slippy actually sounds better than the other one so far
hmm, this actually seems perfect when I just want to get completely lost
that lost high is like right now when you feel mellow and pointless but energetic at teh same time
ACK
drug descriptions are hard


cowgirl is pretty useless though


woah
coming off that lost feeling into system of a down and the video to toxicitiy (kick ass video) is so amazing
it just brings outr the nergy and the heavy breathing and the head banging
and now jamiroquai is really inciting cool heavy breathing and wide open eyes and attempts to focus my eyes in weird places and contort my head in weird ways and just grab my hair because this si so cool and so great and so much fun


jamiroquai kicks so much ass
I'm listening to twenty zero one so much right now
it's just making me so happy
it's so perfect

haha, told u i get talkatigve
this is t\nothing compared to 3 simultaneous fast conversations I was keeping up earlier but meh
and since everyone wet offline (damn latenightedness), I'm just going to go listen to jamiorquai in my room where I'm not so confined to my computer and I'm so glad i have this stuff on cds


02/03/02 5:30AM

here's some more stuff if you actually want to write stuff in a interpretation while high article or whatever because I'm high right now and I'm on my computer so late becuase I didn't stay on early in the night (12-3 is early in the night for me)and that's b/c of my stupid sister being on teh comp all night, gad damn I hate family (and run on sentences but whatever)

the thing about tonight's high is that never has music been sop good, so intense and so perfect as tonight
bascially all my music that I've been listening to from Tricky to System to Mindless Self Indulgence to Bad Religion to Garbage to The Strokes and Templar etc.
esp. jamiroquai though
also, tonigh has been much more psychotic than last time

I've spent the last 3 hours with my eyes wide open, breathing deeply, completly looking psychotic like i'm about to snap and just loving it

I've been rambling to myself which I've done b4 but this time keeping up with the whole psycosis thing, I'v ebeen rambling but whispering

any words that have floated in my head came out in a weird string that seemingly makes sense, is appreciated for how oddly meaningful it is and is quickly forgotten 